I'm still on the not page but I won't talk about not in this lecture,
instead this is an extremely important lecture,
do not skip it,
we're talking about browser support.
Whenever you use a certain feature in CSS, be that a certain type of selector or more relevant, a certain
property, a certain style, you have to check if the browsers of your target audience supports that feature,
otherwise you can't use it, though at the end of this course,
I also will share some ideas on how you can implement certain features which might not be supported
in all browsers in a way that they still work in most browsers.
Sounds fancy but we'll get there.
But checking the browser support still is important because sometimes, you just can't use a certain feature
because the browser which you need to support doesn't know that feature. On MDN, you can find browser
support at the end of every page, so if you're on the page of a certain CSS property or a certain CSS selector,
at the bottom you'll find this table. There you see a split for desktop and mobile browsers and you see
the major browsers and how well they support a certain feature. For some features,
you also see some split between the basic support and then extended versions of that feature for example.
You also see which specification works on that feature and you can see what's recommended,
that is what most browsers typically already implement and what might be coming in the future
but back to the table. There you see if it's supported
and since version is supported
and this is really important to check, especially for the more advanced features we'll dive into later
in the course because it ensures that you are not building your page with something which most of
your users can't use, because unfortunately from a web developer perspective, not everyone is using Chrome
or Firefox.
Now you can also use another page,
caniuse.com.
caniuse.com allows you to search for a certain feature,
let's say background and then you will see all kinds of matches it finds.
Now this also includes Javascript features by the way,
for example you can scroll down and you'll see some things which might become important later in
the course,
so some general CSS properties for example, background color and there, you see that that is supported
in all browsers. For some features, you get a detail table like this one for background attachment,
something I will dive into in the images and backgrounds section of this course and there, you can also
see how well it's supported in browsers, you can hover over the browsers to see more details,
for example here, partial support,
what does this mean,
what is supported, what isn't
and on the top right, you also see how much of the market you reach when using that feature
and that includes the strong support and the partial support as you can see.
And you can check the partial support to decide if that then is enough for you
or if some crucial feature is missing and hence only the strong support number counts for you.
So the cool thing here really is the market share feature, because we can tell using that is probably relatively
safe because we reach almost 94% of the total market.
So these two pages, MDN at the bottom of each page
and caniuse are great resources when it comes to deciding whether you can use a certain feature or
not.
Now this is the complete guide to CSS,
so we're also going to teach you cutting edge features but checking these resources is always a good idea
when you're building a real web project.